title=Side Quest - The Saga of the Blacque Family
text.t1=I bumped into a pretty blonde woman named Rachel Blacque, who said she was in a hurry to care for her father. She wouldn't tell me what was going on with him, she said I'd hear about it soon enough. How mysterious! You don't think it was a polite brush-off, do you? Not that that would ever happen to me...
text.t2=I met and spoke with an old man on the harborfront named Milon Blacque. He seemed a bit addled, and mistook my ship for the 'Cleopatra', of which his son was the captain. I corrected his mistake and moved on. However, perhaps I should check what other people in the area have got to say about Milon Blacque. 
text.t3=That embarassment to the human race, Orable Caron, saw me speaking with Milon Blacque. He told me that the 'Cleopatra' has been missing for years. I just can't abide that greasy attitude with which he told the story. Then he spoke like a schoolboy smitten with puppy love about Milon's adopted daughter, Rachel. In his dreams! I wonder what the Harbor Master knows about this family?
text.t4=Turpin Cabanel thinks the story of the Blacques tragic, saying that the son's ship disappeared five years ago on the way to #sRedmond#. Having been so long, he thinks that the 'Cleopatra', and Blacque's son, are gone forever. He mentioned that Rachel had given up much to care for Milon. I wonder what all he was referring to?
text.t5=I spoke to Rachel, and it wasn't easy since she's a very private person. In doing so I noticed that she had a bruise, and she said she got it from that pimple on the butt of mankind Orable Caron. Though she didn't want me to, I'm going to have a word with that inbred creep, and I'm going to enjoy it!
text.t6=I spoke with Rachel, and she let slip that she was short of funds. How can you allow such a charming person in need to go, well, needing? So, I gave her some gold since heaven knows I have no shortage. I wonder if I can do more for this family, though?
text.t7=That was satisfactory! I spoke with that slobbering ape dressed as a dockworker, Caron. Though he was a little slow catching on, I think he'll leave Rachel and her father alone. It would be nice if he gives me the chance to make good on my words... and I'd better remind myself that killing someone who's not fighting me will ruin my reputation. Well, I can't wait to tell Rachel, and gauge her reaction!
text.t8=I told Rachel that the bottom feeder of #sFalaise de Fleur# on #sisland_Falaise de Fleur# will leave her alone, and she was wonderfully grateful. I'd like to do more, like go find out what happened to the 'Cleopatra'. Now, let me think. Where was that ship last known to be heading?
text.t9=I met Marc Blacque walking the streets of #sRedmond# on #sisland_Redmond#! He told me how he had lost his ship and ended up indentured to Thomas O'Reilly, the most prominent storekeeper of #sRedmond#, working to save enough money to go home.
text.t10=I paid O'Reilly the gold after telling him that I was taking Marc home to his family. He seemed genuinely happy for the young man.
text.t11=I've picked up Marc, and the young man looks like he's struggling to control himself as we walk toward the docks and my ship. Why, I find it brings a tear to my eye, and... Well, it almost brings a tear to my eye. I mean, it would have if I were the sentimental type, which I'm not at all! No, really, I'm a salty sea-dog, I am! Oh, just forget I said anything about it!
text.t12=I met Milon, as always just where he's always been these past five years, and told him the news, Right behind me was Marc himself, and I stepped back as father and son reunited after being apart for five years without word of each other. As father and son embraced, I felt... Oh, forget it. Just never mind...
text.t13=When next I encountered Rachel, I told her of her brother's return. Now she went to go see her father now that Marc is home. The family is whole again! I'm going to the tavern, and just keep your comments to yourself!
text.t14=There is a new look in Milon's eye when I see him at the waterfront! He never fails to tell me how proud my parents must be of me! If I only knew who they were...
text.t15=I offered to take a letter to Marc's family. My, my, the depth of my generosity amazed even me! Of course, this has nothing to do with that adopted sister of his...
text.t16=I delivered Marc's letter to his father, who had the first look of awareness in his eyes that he must have had in... oh, say five years! I should go back and tell Marc I delivered it.
text.t17=I offered to take Marc home, but he's saved only 500 gold towards his 3000 gold debt and needs 2500 more to pay off Thomas. Maybe I can help?
text.t18=I agreed to take Marc's 500 gold and pay off the debt, and to take Marc back to his father. Sometimes I amaze myself. Now to talk to Thomas and work this all out.
text.t19=I told Marc how happy his family was to recieve his letter. This wasn't all that satisfying, though. I wonder if I could do more for this family?
text.t20=Haha, poor trusting Marc... now I'm 500 gold richer, and he's a bit wiser...
text.t21=I put some backbone into that whiner, Orable. He's got to learn to not take "no" for an answer. Now he'll show Rachel who's boss!
