title=Side Quest - Search for Peter's ship
text.t1=Peter told me the story of how he once lost the best ship he ever owned. And we found a trail that might lead us to his ship again. I decided I would try to help Peter again, this time to find his ship again. A sailor that might crew the 'Arabella' told us of a navigator who is currently in the brothel. Perhaps he can help us any further.
text.t2=The brothel was closed due to an incident. The woman involved in the incident lives in a house near the harbour. Perhaps she can help me find the navigator.
text.t3=The woman was manhandled by a new guest, who was then moved to prison straight away. It might be the man we seek, so I should visit the prison to speak to him. I also promised the woman I'd tell the governor about what happened.
text.t4=I had to pay to get into the prison, not to mention waste a full day waiting for the man to become sober again, but finally I found out that his name is Txiki Pijuan and that he indeed is a navigator for Pedro Rivera, the man who stole the 'Arabella' from Peter. I need to release Txiki now though. Perhaps the prison guard will be willing to assist me again if properly motivated.
text.t5=Darn. The prison guard won't help me. Apparently I need to talk to the governor instead. I need to see the governor anyway to tell him of what happened to Cecille.
text.t6=I wanted to inform the governor of what transpired in the brothel, but he already knew. To liberate Txiki, the governor wanted me to pay a whopping 10000 gold coins though. Life on #sisland_Guadeloupe# is costly. Now I need to get back to the Barracks to give Pijuan his instructions.
text.t7=I sent Txiki back to his ship to inform the crew that the innkeeper will be serving free rum tonight. Hopefully that will decrease the number of opponents we have to fight. I'm not sure I can trust Pijuan though. He might explain everything to his captain, which would mean we could end up in major trouble. Perhaps he'll leave the island straight away or maybe he'll even try to kill us. There's only one way to find out though. I must go to the tavern to arrange the free rum and stay there to check if crewmembers actually do arrive at the tavern.
text.t8=I was afraid of being disappointed by Pijuan, but so far he has delivered on his promise. The first crewmembers did arrive at the inn. Now I need to go to the fort entrance where we should meet Txiki again.
text.t9=So far so good. Apparently there are only a handful of men left aboard the ship, so we should make our move straight away. Anse Casse-Bois is nearby! I still don't know if I can trust Txiki yet though. He doesn't seem to be jointly liable with me. I need to clarify the situation with him after the boarding.
text.t10=After swimming up to the ship, a crewmember saw us and alerted the rest of the crew. After we killed them, Pedro Rivera appeared on deck. It ended up in a one-on-one fight between Peter and Pedro. Thankfully Peter won. I gave Pijuan command of the 'Arabella' for the time being, because I need Peter close by. After all, Peter Blood is a great swordsman, but I have some doubts about his sailing skills. Pijuan is a navigator though, so he should know how to handle the ship. This way Pijuan will be able to prove his loyalty as well. I talked to him about his rumdrinking and lack of courage and I think I have things sorted out with him now.
text.t11=Peter was sadden by my decision to not try and find the 'Arabella', but he understands my reasoning for it. Anyway: I promised to give him a better ship in the future, so what's the problem?
