title=Side Quest - A smugglers' life for me.
text.t1=It seems the stories are true. Smugglers are everywhere in the Caribbean!
text.t2=I've met a smuggler in a tavern. He gave me a book about smuggling.
text.t3=The governor of #stown# asked me to investigate the smuggling in the Caribbean. I should report back to him when I find out anything. He also gave me a document with these orders. This document might get me out of some tight spots.
text.t4=Hey, I've found an Opium Den and bought some opium! Maybe the smugglers have interest in that too?
text.t5=I've made a successfull transaction with the smugglers and written down how they work. I should report this to the governor.
text.t6=The governor was pleased to see the report, but he thinks there is more to learn so I shall investigate further.
text.t7=The smugglers told me about opium smuggling. I've got a list of clients in the Caribbean and they gave me a book to explain how it works.
text.t8=I should report this list of clients I've got to the governor. He might be very interested!
text.t9=I need to be careful. It seems that the smugglers keep close contact with each other. When I do them wrong, it will affect my relation with them.
text.t10=I've learned that opium smuggling isn't as easy as it looked. A guard approached me and asked me about the goods I was carying. I handled the situation though.
text.t11=I now know how the opium smuggling works in the Caribbean. I've written a report to hand over to the governor.
text.t12=The governor was suprised to see the list with all opium buyers. He thinks it will come in handy battling the smugglers.
text.t13=The governor was pleased to see the report and I received a nice reward. I should investigate further to see if I can find any further clues.
text.t14=I've finished the task for the governor for the time being, but there might be more in the future!
text.t15=The smugglers told me this opium has some weird effects. If I want to learn more about it, I should ask someone who knows a lot about medicine.
