title=Night Craft
text.t1=Desmond Ray Beltrop, the head of the smugglers, wants to see me again, and it has nothing to do with the fact that I broke into Rheims' house.... If you can trust the man who delivered the message. If I decide to accept Beltrop's invitation, I should go to #sisland_Conceicao# and look for the smugglers' lair in the jungle of that island, near the Rock of Leviathan Bay.
text.t2=Who would have thought it? Beltrop offered me to work for him, promising me a golden mountain and a place as his assistant, but I refused. However, if I changed my mind, Beltrop would be waiting for me.
text.t3=Beltrop was ready to offer me a smuggling assignment, but my ship's hold won't be able to hold the necessary cargo of 300 sandalwood, and I need to do something about it right away.
text.t4=My first assignment is to deliver a load of 300 sandalwood, to a shopkeeper in #sMarigot# on #sisland_Saint Martin#.
text.t5=My hold was successfully cleared of sandalwood by Maginot's workmen, and I had a good time in the room upstairs, resting, and sipping French wine. Now all that remained was to get the money for the proceeds and return to Beltrop.
text.t6=Everything went wrong! French soldiers arrested Maginot and took him away to an unknown destination. The store is closed, and I haven't received the proceeds of the transaction. What am I supposed to do? Go back to Beltrop, or wait a couple of days - maybe Jean will be released and he'll pay for the deal?
text.t7=I waited in vain. It's been 24 hours, but the store is still closed. I guess I'll have to go back to Beltrop's...
text.t8=Beltrop has given me the task of dealing with Jean and the unpaid shipment of sandalwood. That requires me to go to #sMarigot# and see what's going on. Perhaps the peddler has been released and has reopened his store, and then I can talk to him directly.
text.t9=I managed to get the money out of Jean, and now I have to get back to Beltrop.
text.t10=A French patrol was waiting for me at my boat, charging me with theft. It would have been all right, but I did have in my pocket a ring belonging to Jean Maginot - apparently the bastard had slipped it to me when I was counting the money.
text.t11=They wanted to arrest me to investigate the theft, but I resisted. Now I have to fight my way back to my ship.
text.t12=I did not resist arrest, because I am innocent and I think I can get out of this delicate situation.
text.t13=God damn it! They put me in a cell after all! The governor, that punk-ass governor, wouldn't even listen to me! I've been imprisoned for three days now, and I don't think I'm going to get out of this mess.
text.t14=#sDanielle# decided to take over the French colony when #sshe# found out I'd been imprisoned. Luckily for me, #sshe# got the job done and now I'm free. The only sad thing is that Jean Maginot is hiding somewhere in the jungle, and all I have to do is go back to Beltrop.
text.t15=I was unbelievably lucky! My old acquaintance #sDanielle#, captain of #sher# own ship, has captured the French colony and freed me. Only the fact that Jean Maginot has taken refuge somewhere in the jungle, and I have only to return to Beltrop, marred the situation.
text.t16=Beltrop paid me a percentage of the deal, and promised to think of a way to teach Jean Maginot a lesson.
text.t17=The head of the smugglers did not express his dissatisfaction with the failed assignment in any way and promised to think about how he could teach Maginot a lesson.
text.t18=Jean asked for a delay of a couple of days in order to collect the money, and I agreed to it. As soon as the necessary sum was collected, the peddler would find me in the tavern, in the room where I was staying.
text.t19=It didn't take long for Maginot, and I'm sure he did it, to show up. No sooner had I gone up to my room than I was attacked by two masked men! After I deal with them, I think I'm going to have to have a serious talk with that peddler!
text.t20=Immediately after the incident with the assassins, I went back to Beltrop and he gave me a new assignment, promising to think about what to do with Maginot.
text.t21=Jean said he had no money and was on the verge of bankruptcy and I believed him. Hopefully Beltrop won't be too mad at me for such a decision?
text.t22=Beltrop sent some man to double-check the French trader.
text.t23=The fat bastard actually confessed that the assassins were sent by him. At least when I pressed him, he gave me the money for the sandal load right away. 
text.t24=Now I have to escort Beltrop to a meeting with the head of the pirates. The meeting is scheduled for #sisland_Douwesen# in the bay known as the 'Crab Cove' and I have two weeks to get there.
text.t25=Hmm... I'm late for a meeting. I can only imagine how angry Beltrop will be when I get back to him.
text.t26=Beltrop is dead and my smuggling career is over.
text.t27=I killed Beltrop during a sea battle when I tried to take possession of his ship, the 'Fearless', but my smuggling career was over as well.
text.t28=A few failed assignments. And Beltrop refused my services.
text.t29=Beltrop refused my services after the failure of the last missions, but I got my revenge against him! I slaughtered him like a pig!
text.t30=Turns out the smugglers have a problem with the pirates. But both heads of the pirates deny any involvement. So, basically, the trip to #sisland_Douwesen# didn't pay off, even though I got my reward.
text.t31=Beltrop has assigned me to deal with Jean Maginot, the merchant in #sMarigot#. I must persuade this scoundrel to sell his store to Beltrop and leave the archipelago.
text.t32=What luck! Maginot's daughter bought my story about me working for her father and volunteered to go on the deck of my ship. Now I can convince that merchant to sell his store.
text.t33=As I suspected, Jean obeyed me as soon as he knew his daughter was in my hands. All I have to do is wait in the tavern until he brings me the key and the papers for the store. I think I should get a room.
text.t34=The merchant gave me all the necessary papers and the key, and I gave him his daughter. Time to go back to Beltrop's!
text.t35=Beltrop paid me well for the completed store purchase.
text.t36=The merchant handed me all the necessary papers and key, but I preferred to keep his daughter, hehe.
text.t37=That bastard Maginot made a fuss, and now the French are all over me!
text.t38=That bastard Maginot pissed me off, so I killed him! Now I gotta get out of town, and fast!
text.t39=The head of the smugglers accepted my failure and sent his man to buy the store. He never paid me my reward, however.
text.t40=The French merchant has refused to sell his store, I see no way to resolve this and am going to go back to Beltrop.
text.t41=I managed to slip the little bugger some of my stuff. Now all I have to do is find an officer and report him for the theft. By the way, I saw one walking near the residence.
text.t42=Sometimes it's useful to think. Reporting a theft to a French officer while I'm France's number one enemy? I agree it was foolish. If I get out of this mess, continuing the mission is out of the question, and I'll have to go back to Beltrop with nothing.
text.t43=I reported the 'theft' to the French officer, at the same time 'blabbing' about the sandal, which is probably still in Maginot's possession. Now, accompanied by the officer, I must go to the store to play out the whole charade to the end.
text.t44=I reported the 'theft' to a French officer. Now, accompanied by the officer, I have to go to the store to play the whole charade to the end.
text.t45=Hmm. I shouldn't have told the Frenchman about the sandalwood. Now the store is closed, Jean is arrested, for real, and I have no choice but to go back to Beltrop.
text.t46=The officer outlined to Jean what he's in for for 'stealing', so now I think I'll have no trouble getting the store away from him.
text.t47=I have the paperwork for the store. Time to go back to Beltrop.
text.t48=My next assignment smells strongly of gunpowder. I am to sink or otherwise disable a squadron of five warships whose captains pose as pirates but are in fact in the service of the Governor of #sConceicao#. To accomplish this task, Beltrop has reinforced me with one of his men, a nasty type named Barracuda. The problem is that the size of my squadron doesn't allow for him to join me, and I have to do something about it.
text.t49=My next assignment smells strongly of gunpowder. I am to sink or otherwise disable a squadron of five warships whose captains pose as pirates but are in fact in the service of the Governor of #sConceicao#. To accomplish this task, Beltrop has reinforced me with one of his men, a nasty fellow named Barracuda. It's just a matter of figuring out how to begin my assignment.....
text.t50=I've attached the 'Barracuda' to my fleet. It's time to get to the task at hand. But where to start?
text.t51=I learned at the #sConceicao# tavern that there is a traitor among the smugglers who is helping the governor. I think Beltrop would be interested in this information.
text.t52=I never liked this Barracuda, so it was with great pleasure that I let him become shark food.
text.t53=Beltrop and I have devised a plan whereby he will assemble some ships and announce to his men a big deal. The traitor will surely inform the governor of this plan, and we can get rid of the punitive squadron once and for all. It will take approximately seven days to implement this plan. At the end of that time, I will have to talk to Beltrop again to proceed with the ambush.
text.t54=Beltrop had to finish preparing our plan, and I need to get back to him as soon as possible.
text.t55=It's all set. All that's left is to go out to sea and kick the punitive squadron's ass.
text.t56=We went out to sea and saw pirate ships coming toward us to the number of five ships under full sail. 
text.t57=That bastard Barracuda took part in the battle on the enemy side!
text.t58=I never liked Barracuda, but I didn't touch him in the interest of our cause. When he turned out to be a traitor, I had no qualms about letting him go to the sharks.
text.t59=It's done! It's safe to go back to Beltrop for my reward.
text.t60=Beltrop has made me his assistant. But I don't think it will have much effect on my future. At best, I'll get discounts at the local store.
text.t61=Beltrop offered me a place as his assistant, but I chose a different path, killing my former employer.
text.t62=When Beltrop informed me that he wouldn't make me his assistant, I just killed him!
text.t63=When the head of the pirates offered me a job to work for him, I accepted. But Beltrop took it too personally and I had to kill him.
text.t64=I need to move my fleet to Leviathan Rock to meet the smugglers' ships.
text.t65=I didn't have enough sandal for Jean Maginot. Remember, I'm supposed to bring 300 units.
