title=Side Quest - The mysterious plants
text.t1=I heard talks about the apothecary in #sGreenford#. The owner might be in need of a capable captain. I should take a look when I'm there.
text.t2=The owner of the apothecary in #sGreenford# told me he has some problems with the church. He asked me if I could donate some money on his behalf so they wouldn't bother him anymore. In return, he promised me a good job which would result in a new kind of medicine.
text.t3=I rejected his offer. On my way out, I ran into an angry mob coming from the church... this doesn't look good!
text.t4=The mob wanted to drive Steven from #sGreenford#. I couldn't stand for it, so I attacked them. I hope this won't impact my relation with this nation too much.
text.t5=The mob wanted to drive Steven from #sGreenford#. While at first I did not want to pay the church for Steven, I also don't want him to be forced to leave this town. I guess I was lucky, because they accepted my donation and left.
text.t6=Uh oh... I told the mob they could go inside. I don't think this will end well...
text.t7=I heard that the angry mob killed Steven.... I guess the Apothecary won't open anymore. Maybe I should make that donation to the church after all to repent for my sins. The tavern girl told me she shared a passion for nature with Steven and asked me to bring any nice specimens of animals to her now.
text.t8=Well, I guess sometimes my sword is not the solution. After steven saw my nice handywork, he decided it was better to leave #sGreenford#. Maybe I'll see him again, but I guess the apothecary is closed for good now. The tavern girl told me she shared a passion for nature with Steven and asked me to bring any nice specimens of animals to her now.
text.t9=Steven seems like a good guy, so I agreed to donate some money to the church on his behalf. Hopefully this will help him.
text.t10=I've donated some money to the church. Steven was very glad I did. Now let's see about this job he offered.
text.t11=This endeavour seems far too dangerous! I declined the offer, so he'll have to find someone else to do it.
text.t12=It seems he wants me to retrieve some plants from the mainland... how hard can that be? Apparently some natives are hanging around my ship. Steven is all worked up about it and urged me not to anger them. Hardly worth fussing about, as far as I'm concerned. But I should check it out anyway.
text.t13=WHAT! I just saw one of those natives kill one of my crew. Now I get why Steven fears them so much...
text.t14=One of those natives tried to kill one of my crew. Thankfully I was in time to save him. I do get now why Steven is so afraid of them...
text.t15=I reported the murder of one of my crew to the commander of the prison, but he said he can't do anything without evidence.
text.t16=Time to really start with this job. Steven aranged for a meeting in the tavern of #sGreenford# with a captain who can help me get to the mainland.
text.t17=I've met with the captain in the tavern. He told me to meet him again at the lighthouse. I need to make sure I don't come by ship because that would inform the natives of what we are trying to do. He also sugested I come when it's dark because that would decrease the chance of us being seen too. After the captain left, I saw one of those natives also leaving the tavern. Maybe our conversation wasn't as private as we first thought.
text.t18=I followed the indian who left the tavern, but after talking to him he seems to have lost all interest in going somewhere. Maybe I was just imagining things. I should probably just go back to what I was doing before and head to the lighthouse!
text.t19=I followed the indian from the tavern and he went into some kind of warehouse. It might not be wise to follow him in there as it could be a trap. But he also might have heard of our plan, so if I don't do anything our plan might be compromised...
text.t20=I walked to the back of the warehouse, but was stopped by a native who said that I should leave. He seemed to be watching some kind of entrance from a house nearby. Could there be another entrance? If so, I might be able to enter it without him seeing me. Or should I just use the front entrance after all?
text.t21=I went inside the warehouse but I was greeted by a group of natives who instantly attacked me.
text.t22=I was able to defend myself from those natives. I guess any threat they posed is gone now. I should make my way to the lighthouse once it's dark. I could always spend some time in the tavern to wait until it's dark.
text.t23=With the help of my crew I was able to defeat those natives. They saw me following him and didn't trust it. I'm glad my crew came to help me because those natives where good fighters! Now I should make my way to the lighthouse once it's dark. I could always spend some time in the tavern to wait until it's dark.
text.t24=Maybe I judged too soon. I went in the warehouse from the back and overheard two of the natives talking with each other. It seems like that guy was only at the tavern to make a deal with someone. Maybe he wasn't spying on me at all.
text.t25=Well you can never be to sure. I saw those natives talking and I just didn't trust it. So I decided to slay them anyway. Now I should make my way to the lighthouse once it's dark. I could always spend some time in the tavern to wait until it's dark.
text.t26=After overhearing them talk I decided they aren't any threat so I left the warehouse again. Now I should make my way to the lighthouse once it's dark. I could always spend some time in the tavern to wait until it's dark.
text.t27=Those natives saw me overhearing them and attacked me instantly. I had to defend myself agains them to survive. Guess they still don't like people knowing what they are doing. Now I should make my way to the lighthouse once it's dark. I could always spend some time in the tavern to wait until it's dark.
text.t28=After seeing the native go inside the warehouse I decided to inform the guards. They assured me they will keep an eye on them now they know where those natives are based. I should make my way to the lighthouse now.
text.t29=I've reported the things I overheard to the guards. Alas, I wasn't able to prove more but they said they could use the information I gave them to keep a closer eye on the indians.
text.t30=I've reported the things I overheard to the guards. I've also shown them the potions I found which they buried. The guard told me these are very illegal and he took them from me. But they did seem very pleased and told me this was enough information to arrest those natives.
text.t31=I arrived at the Lighthouse but things went all wrong here. First we saw the ship being attacked and before we could do anything we were also attacked. I saw the captain get away but I guess he won't be helping me anymore. I think I have to inform Steven that this quest was a failure. Hopefully that will get those natives off my back again.
text.t32=Hmmm.....killing those natives might not have been such a good idea afterall. They now attack me on sight every time I get near my ship.
text.t33=When I told Steven the quest was a failure one of the natives walked in and they agreed to a truce.
text.t34=When I told Steven the quest was a failure one of the natives walked in. They demanded payment for all the natives I killed. I am to deliver #samount# plants of opium to the tavern of #sCartagena# before #stime# months have passed. Once I do that they will leave me alone.
text.t35=I delivered the opium in time and the natives agreed on the truce.
text.t36=I wasn't able to deliver the opium in time and I was attacked by a bunch of natives. If I can survive this I will be free of them I hope.
text.t37=I met with the captain at the Lighthouse and we departed towards the mainland. During the journey to #sCartagena# I was able to study some of the captains navigation books and after a while we arrived at #sCartagena#. But this place is huge, how am I ever going to find the people Steven was talking about? Now I think about it I don't actually know anything about them except that they are native people. Hopefully someone around here can point me to a place where I can find them. When I'm ready to return to #sGreenford# I should talk to the captain again. He will be waiting in the port.
text.t38=I found a native beggar. After some persuation I was able to find out one native who are looking to make deals is working in the newly opened Hotel. The Beggar gave me a flyer of this hotel which has direction on it so it should be pretty easy to find it now.
text.t39=I met a native beggar and I decided to kill him. When I inspected his corpse I found a flyer for a newly opened Hotel. Maybe I should check out this Hotel.
text.t40=*You've reached the end of the quest for now. It's almost done!*
text.t41=*success*
text.t42=*fail*
text.t43=I've returned to #sGreenford# during this trip I was able to read a bit more about Sailing. When we arived the Captain wished me good luck on my journey and we parted ways.
text.t44=Ghosts have moved into the Hotel! I have agreed to find and provide them with their missing items. It should be two items each. Only if I succeed the indian girl Abequa will talk to me. I'll start with room 3. 
text.t45=All ghost are gone. Now it's time to see what Abequa knows about mysterious plants.
text.t46=The girl Abequa will follow me to Bridgetown in exchange for 'Ayahuasca'. Sounds mysterious enough.
text.t47=That's it - let's return to Bridgetown.
text.t48=Finally I got the 'Ayahuasca' plants. I should pay Steven a visit and tell him the results of my journey.
text.t49=The Plants are delivered and the mission complete!
