// MAXIMUS 13.08.2019: file created by script. Please, be patient and put here all needed shipslog entries for translation
{=====| characters_init.c |=====}
New captain's log{New captain's log}
Purchased and started a new log book. The previous one went down to Davy Jones after a crew brawl in my cabin. I sent the first mate after the book, but neither him nor the book returned.{Purchased and started a new log book. The previous one went down to Davy Jones after a crew brawl in my cabin. I sent the first mate after the book, but neither him nor the book returned.}
Travelling Worlds{Travelling Worlds}
Ciri and I were on the hunt for a 'dragon' that had killed five villagers. However we knew that our employer was most probably mistaken and that the monster was probably a Wyvern or something similar. When we went to investigate, we were surprised, although no dragon, the beast was still very dangerous, it was a Manticore, one of the most dangerous beasts the world has to offer. I had killed one of them in the past, but this time something was troubling me and i made a mistake. Ciri quickly grabbed me and teleported us to a different world, saving my life. But we were separated once more.{Ciri and I were on the hunt for a 'dragon' that had killed five villagers. However we knew that our employer was most probably mistaken and that the monster was probably a Wyvern or something similar. When we went to investigate, we were surprised, although no dragon, the beast was still very dangerous, it was a Manticore, one of the most dangerous beasts the world has to offer. I had killed one of them in the past, but this time something was troubling me and i made a mistake. Ciri quickly grabbed me and teleported us to a different world, saving my life. But we were separated once more.}
Today I begin my new life as a ship’s captain. I have left the service of the crown and the life of a spy behind me once and for all. If I had any doubts about retiring from that line of work they ended with the episode in Madagascar. It was nothing short of a miracle that I wasn’t arrested and killed along with my counterparts from the other great powers. With my severance from the secret service I have purchased a vessel and made my way to the new world where, I hope, my past will not catch up with me.{Today I begin my new life as a ship’s captain. I have left the service of the crown and the life of a spy behind me once and for all. If I had any doubts about retiring from that line of work they ended with the episode in Madagascar. It was nothing short of a miracle that I wasn’t arrested and killed along with my counterparts from the other great powers. With my severance from the secret service I have purchased a vessel and made my way to the new world where, I hope, my past will not catch up with me.}
This is a truly momentous occasion. I have worked towards this since I went on account all those years back as a young, know-nothing scallywag with more spine than brains. The crew has elected me captain, replacing our departed leader who lost his head to a cannon ball during our last cruise. Bad for him, good for me. The old man was a good captain and ran a tight ship but I’ve always had my own ideas about how things should be done. Now I get to see if I’m right!{This is a truly momentous occasion. I have worked towards this since I went on account all those years back as a young, know-nothing scallywag with more spine than brains. The crew has elected me captain, replacing our departed leader who lost his head to a cannon ball during our last cruise. Bad for him, good for me. The old man was a good captain and ran a tight ship but I’ve always had my own ideas about how things should be done. Now I get to see if I’m right!}
I have spent most of my adult life on solid ground, as solid as a battlefields gets in any case, as a military engineer in the service of the crown. With my earnings I have decided to leave the army and invest in a ship. I have arrived in the Caribbean where they say enterprising captains with a solid vessel can do very well for themselves. We shall see. While I must confess that I am not much of a seaman yet, I am past the stage of turning green in poor weather and should pick the rest up quickly as I go.{I have spent most of my adult life on solid ground, as solid as a battlefields gets in any case, as a military engineer in the service of the crown. With my earnings I have decided to leave the army and invest in a ship. I have arrived in the Caribbean where they say enterprising captains with a solid vessel can do very well for themselves. We shall see. While I must confess that I am not much of a seaman yet, I am past the stage of turning green in poor weather and should pick the rest up quickly as I go.}
My mother always said I had the devil’s own luck but that I should learn not to push it too far. My last adventure up the Amazon charting the river for the Portuguese crown has driven that point home. Half the expedition dead of malaria and the rest roasted on spits by savage cannibals. On the bright side, his majesty’s representative was impressed by my harrowing tale and paid me the full expedition’s wages as I was the sole survivor. I have bought my own ship and will see what I can make of myself as a captain here in the new world.{My mother always said I had the devil’s own luck but that I should learn not to push it too far. My last adventure up the Amazon charting the river for the Portuguese crown has driven that point home. Half the expedition dead of malaria and the rest roasted on spits by savage cannibals. On the bright side, his majesty’s representative was impressed by my harrowing tale and paid me the full expedition’s wages as I was the sole survivor. I have bought my own ship and will see what I can make of myself as a captain here in the new world.}
I have always had the luck of the cards but this is a true windfall even by my own high standards! I am the proud new owner of a fully-outfitted sailing vessel. The old sea dog thought his four kings had me beat but my royal straight flush took the grin from his face fast enough. Ha! I didn’t even cheat. I was concerned the crew wouldn’t take kindly to the situation but it seems the old man’s bad luck had been rubbing off on them as well of late and there were no tears at the change in management.{I have always had the luck of the cards but this is a true windfall even by my own high standards! I am the proud new owner of a fully-outfitted sailing vessel. The old sea dog thought his four kings had me beat but my royal straight flush took the grin from his face fast enough. Ha! I didn’t even cheat. I was concerned the crew wouldn’t take kindly to the situation but it seems the old man’s bad luck had been rubbing off on them as well of late and there were no tears at the change in management.}
Ten long years I have spent in the navy over hot, roaring cannon. I’m half deaf and my body is riddled with grape shot and splinters but I have saved my wages diligently and today I am the proud owner of my own ship. I have a solid crew under my command who respect my time in service and the scars I carry. My days of shattered ships and drowning men may not be over but at least I’ll be pointing those guns where I choose now.{Ten long years I have spent in the navy over hot, roaring cannon. I’m half deaf and my body is riddled with grape shot and splinters but I have saved my wages diligently and today I am the proud owner of my own ship. I have a solid crew under my command who respect my time in service and the scars I carry. My days of shattered ships and drowning men may not be over but at least I’ll be pointing those guns where I choose now.}
Once I was a marine in the navy, but I managed to save my salary until I could afford a way out. Investing this in a new ship seems like a great way of giving me the freedom I've always wished for. So now here I am, ready to set sail on my first venture!{Once I was a marine in the navy, but I managed to save my salary until I could afford a way out. Investing this in a new ship seems like a great way of giving me the freedom I've always wished for. So now here I am, ready to set sail on my first venture!}
I've worked long and hard for this day but it has finally come. The captain has retired to life ashore and sold me his interest in the ship. My own vessel! She is in good shape thanks to my care as first mate these last several years and I know what she and her crew can manage. I have said my last ‘Aye, sir' while standing on this deck. Now she goes where I tell her. It's good to be the captain!{I've worked long and hard for this day but it has finally come. The captain has retired to life ashore and sold me his interest in the ship. My own vessel! She is in good shape thanks to my care as first mate these last several years and I know what she and her crew can manage. I have said my last ‘Aye, sir' while standing on this deck. Now she goes where I tell her. It's good to be the captain!}
Having joined the navy, it is now up to me to work myself up through the ranks.{Having joined the navy, it is now up to me to work myself up through the ranks.}
It was chance that brought me into naval service as a ship's surgeon on graduating medical college but, I must confess, the salt is in my blood now. I have been putting money away for years now, trying to decide whether to retire on it, perhaps setting up a private practice in some sleepy country hamlet, or invest it in a ship of my own. The transition to ship's captain is not an easy one but I am confident I've made the right choice for myself. Time will tell if I am right.{It was chance that brought me into naval service as a ship's surgeon on graduating medical college but, I must confess, the salt is in my blood now. I have been putting money away for years now, trying to decide whether to retire on it, perhaps setting up a private practice in some sleepy country hamlet, or invest it in a ship of my own. The transition to ship's captain is not an easy one but I am confident I've made the right choice for myself. Time will tell if I am right.}
The loss of the captain and first officer to fever on the outset of our last voyage was difficult on the entire crew, not least of which myself, as I was put in the awkward position of taking command personally. All went rather smoothly however once the illness had run its course and, with the encouragement of the crew, I have decided to buy the ship outright from our employers and take over as captain permanently.{The loss of the captain and first officer to fever on the outset of our last voyage was difficult on the entire crew, not least of which myself, as I was put in the awkward position of taking command personally. All went rather smoothly however once the illness had run its course and, with the encouragement of the crew, I have decided to buy the ship outright from our employers and take over as captain permanently.}
Arrived in the New World{Arrived in the New World}
That fool of a King and his predecessors would erode our rights, the rights of our blood tracing back to times immemorial. The realm was a bloody mess because the crown could not handle the finances of the realm. The new and growing number of lower nobles screaming for what was rightfully ours. 'Please, the war is so expensive, think of the realm'. Give them a finger and they take the whole hand. It had to stop. But it all went wrong so very fast.\n\n Me and some like-minded people I confided in had plans: Depose the King, push someone else's claim to the throne, someone who saw the worth of what we and our ancestors had done for the realm. But somehow the crown found us out. There is little doubt in my mind we were betrayed. A death sentence was a matter of fact.\n\n Thankfully I still had enough loyal friends and family that I could escape the country and get myself here to the New World. I am still hunted, Sweden's allies will not give me a warm welcome, and neither will her enemies. Their loss, I say. \n\nLo, I got myself a ship with what little wealth I had left, and now it is time to show my true mettle and prove that this noblewoman can claw her way back to greatness on her own merit. Time for adventure!{That fool of a King and his predecessors would erode our rights, the rights of our blood tracing back to times immemorial. The realm was a bloody mess because the crown could not handle the finances of the realm. The new and growing number of lower nobles screaming for what was rightfully ours. 'Please, the war is so expensive, think of the realm'. Give them a finger and they take the whole hand. It had to stop. But it all went wrong so very fast.\n\n Me and some like-minded people I confided in had plans: Depose the King, push someone else's claim to the throne, someone who saw the worth of what we and our ancestors had done for the realm. But somehow the crown found us out. There is little doubt in my mind we were betrayed. A death sentence was a matter of fact.\n\n Thankfully I still had enough loyal friends and family that I could escape the country and get myself here to the New World. I am still hunted, Sweden's allies will not give me a warm welcome, and neither will her enemies. Their loss, I say. \n\nLo, I got myself a ship with what little wealth I had left, and now it is time to show my true mettle and prove that this noblewoman can claw her way back to greatness on her own merit. Time for adventure!}
Ever since I was a child I have been restless and unable to tolerate injustice. I have fought in many wars across the old world and been on the losing side of all of them. I am without regret or apology however. I have stayed true to what I believe in and never compromised my integrity for coin or comfort. Still, I know when it is time to move on and so I have done just that. It is off to the new world for me. If I can't make Europe a better place perhaps there is still time to make the Americas one.{Ever since I was a child I have been restless and unable to tolerate injustice. I have fought in many wars across the old world and been on the losing side of all of them. I am without regret or apology however. I have stayed true to what I believe in and never compromised my integrity for coin or comfort. Still, I know when it is time to move on and so I have done just that. It is off to the new world for me. If I can't make Europe a better place perhaps there is still time to make the Americas one.}
Gads! I barely escaped Paris with my life but I managed it and have invested the lion's share of the proceeds into the acquisition of a ship. Not wanting to pay full price of course I managed to convince an unhappy crew to abscond with their vessel under my command with promise of treasure and freedom. It remains to be seen if I can deliver on that promise but I need to disappear from Europe and they say the new world is a fine place to disappear to.{Gads! I barely escaped Paris with my life but I managed it and have invested the lion's share of the proceeds into the acquisition of a ship. Not wanting to pay full price of course I managed to convince an unhappy crew to abscond with their vessel under my command with promise of treasure and freedom. It remains to be seen if I can deliver on that promise but I need to disappear from Europe and they say the new world is a fine place to disappear to.}
I have served on ships since I was a child in one form or another. Today however, for the first time, I walk out onto that deck as captain. It has been no mean feat to make my way up from a lowly deck hand to the owner of my own ship but I have arrived at last and mean to make the most of the opportunity. The crew is a fine lot and respect what I have accomplished. I mean to accomplish a good deal more before I am done.{I have served on ships since I was a child in one form or another. Today however, for the first time, I walk out onto that deck as captain. It has been no mean feat to make my way up from a lowly deck hand to the owner of my own ship but I have arrived at last and mean to make the most of the opportunity. The crew is a fine lot and respect what I have accomplished. I mean to accomplish a good deal more before I am done.}
Today is the day I take to the high seas as the captain of my own vessel. I have spent my life building ships only to watch they sail off into the distance with other men at their helm. No more! I have had my fill of life on the land and go now to find my destiny on a sturdy vessel designed and built with my own two hands. It is a glorious feeling of accomplishment and I cannot wait to see what tomorrow will bring.{Today is the day I take to the high seas as the captain of my own vessel. I have spent my life building ships only to watch they sail off into the distance with other men at their helm. No more! I have had my fill of life on the land and go now to find my destiny on a sturdy vessel designed and built with my own two hands. It is a glorious feeling of accomplishment and I cannot wait to see what tomorrow will bring.}
The life of a smuggler is neither easy nor safe, as my former captain, now lingering in a Spanish dungeon will attest. It does pay well however and with my savings I have gotten our vessel out of impound and assumed the captaincy. The crew seems happy enough with the change in leadership as the old man's luck seemed to have ran out long ago and he was much too hot-tempered to make wises choices about who he did business with. His loss is my gain and I am looking forward to a long and profitable career.{The life of a smuggler is neither easy nor safe, as my former captain, now lingering in a Spanish dungeon will attest. It does pay well however and with my savings I have gotten our vessel out of impound and assumed the captaincy. The crew seems happy enough with the change in leadership as the old man's luck seemed to have ran out long ago and he was much too hot-tempered to make wises choices about who he did business with. His loss is my gain and I am looking forward to a long and profitable career.}
I mean to go places in life and what better way to get there than as the captain of my own ship. The investment has been considerable but I expect it to pay for itself many times over before I am ready to move on to the next stage. Perhaps a noble title bought with gold and favors, or a fleet of sturdy vessels trading far and wide to fill my coffers with gold. The road will be long and treacherous to be sure but if there is one thing I have learned about myself is that I have what it takes to endure whatever I must to reach my goals.{I mean to go places in life and what better way to get there than as the captain of my own ship. The investment has been considerable but I expect it to pay for itself many times over before I am ready to move on to the next stage. Perhaps a noble title bought with gold and favors, or a fleet of sturdy vessels trading far and wide to fill my coffers with gold. The road will be long and treacherous to be sure but if there is one thing I have learned about myself is that I have what it takes to endure whatever I must to reach my goals.}
Ten years since the death of our leader, Stenka Rasin, some of us have finally made it to the Caribbean. We have gathered our possessions and sold them to raise money to buy a ship. I have been chosen as the captain. Now we shall seek our fortune on the seas, and perhaps one day return to our beloved motherland.{Ten years since the death of our leader, Stenka Rasin, some of us have finally made it to the Caribbean. We have gathered our possessions and sold them to raise money to buy a ship. I have been chosen as the captain. Now we shall seek our fortune on the seas, and perhaps one day return to our beloved motherland.}
I have done well for myself training the well-to-do how to master the sword in personal combat. I have studied the great masters and imparted their wisdom to my own students in turn but I have frankly become bored of this quiet life. Besides, what true master of the martial arts hides behind walls away from the danger of angry steel? I have used my considerable savings to invest in a ship and decided to make my way to the Caribbean to seek adventure and an even greater fortune.{I have done well for myself training the well-to-do how to master the sword in personal combat. I have studied the great masters and imparted their wisdom to my own students in turn but I have frankly become bored of this quiet life. Besides, what true master of the martial arts hides behind walls away from the danger of angry steel? I have used my considerable savings to invest in a ship and decided to make my way to the Caribbean to seek adventure and an even greater fortune.}
I have started a new logbook. The old one contained too many painful memories. This new one will soon be filled with records of fear and terror that I shall reign upon all those who dare cross me at sea!{I have started a new logbook. The old one contained too many painful memories. This new one will soon be filled with records of fear and terror that I shall reign upon all those who dare cross me at sea!}
Perhaps we should not have been so greedy at Isla de Muerta as it turns out the treasure was cursed. The only way to lift it is to return 882 coins to the chest in the cave.{Perhaps we should not have been so greedy at Isla de Muerta as it turns out the treasure was cursed. The only way to lift it is to return 882 coins to the chest in the cave.}
I have fought in battles all across Europe and seen more men die than I have likely spoken to. The fact is, however, that the risk is too great and the rewards too small for my taste. So, looking for a new calling where I could put my particular set of skills to use, I have spent my life savings on a ship and made my way to the new world where they say a captain with a stout heart can make a name for themselves. If they don't mind the sight of a little blood that is and I, for one, never have.{I have fought in battles all across Europe and seen more men die than I have likely spoken to. The fact is, however, that the risk is too great and the rewards too small for my taste. So, looking for a new calling where I could put my particular set of skills to use, I have spent my life savings on a ship and made my way to the new world where they say a captain with a stout heart can make a name for themselves. If they don't mind the sight of a little blood that is and I, for one, never have.}
An old friend of the family has bought me passage on a ship bound for the New World. But whether he did that out of kindness or just to get rid of me, I do not know. I have never had much luck in Europe and the little I own in this world was safely stored in my cabin. It will be difficult to get on my feet, but I am determined to succeed at last!{An old friend of the family has bought me passage on a ship bound for the New World. But whether he did that out of kindness or just to get rid of me, I do not know. I have never had much luck in Europe and the little I own in this world was safely stored in my cabin. It will be difficult to get on my feet, but I am determined to succeed at last!}
Personal Diary{Personal Diary}
Sullivan's Island, South Carolina. I have recently lost my fortune and am making a living collecting birds, flotsam and jetsam on the beach. I'm not doing too bad for myself, since I can still afford my little hut and have got my loyal servant to assist me. But I feel like something big is awaiting me!{Sullivan's Island, South Carolina. I have recently lost my fortune and am making a living collecting birds, flotsam and jetsam on the beach. I'm not doing too bad for myself, since I can still afford my little hut and have got my loyal servant to assist me. But I feel like something big is awaiting me!}
My first arrival{My first arrival}
I spent my eternal life as a demon in the underworld, but this time someone has summoned me to this mortal world. They thought when they summon me by their stupid ritual, they will be rewarded with power, such foolishness. After I killed them, I took their belongings, their robes and weapons, especially MY sabre that I found on their leader, for now I should have a look around and see where this world will lead me.{I spent my eternal life as a demon in the underworld, but this time someone has summoned me to this mortal world. They thought when they summon me by their stupid ritual, they will be rewarded with power, such foolishness. After I killed them, I took their belongings, their robes and weapons, especially MY sabre that I found on their leader, for now I should have a look around and see where this world will lead me.}
My introduction to Caribbean.{My introduction to Caribbean.}
Once a beautiful pirate captain, now a demoness. This all happened during my 'visit' on Cuba. The Spanish patrol found me and took their last breath, but I also was wounded heavily. I lost my consciousness at the governor's mansion and after I woke up, I was on a main square tied up. The people saw that I was awake and shouted to the executioner to cut off my head...and he did it. This is all really strange as after my death I found myself in a strange cave. There was a weird floating black orb and a white orb. I took the opportunity and touched the black one. A enormous and searing pain came through my body and I once again passed out. This time I woke up on Santiago main square where I was executed. My anger towards those Spanish lapdogs was so big that I burned the entire city myself, after that I continue my adventure and the Caribbean will cower before my might as I am the Angel of Death.{Once a beautiful pirate captain, now a demoness. This all happened during my 'visit' on Cuba. The Spanish patrol found me and took their last breath, but I also was wounded heavily. I lost my consciousness at the governor's mansion and after I woke up, I was on a main square tied up. The people saw that I was awake and shouted to the executioner to cut off my head...and he did it. This is all really strange as after my death I found myself in a strange cave. There was a weird floating black orb and a white orb. I took the opportunity and touched the black one. A enormous and searing pain came through my body and I once again passed out. This time I woke up on Santiago main square where I was executed. My anger towards those Spanish lapdogs was so big that I burned the entire city myself, after that I continue my adventure and the Caribbean will cower before my might as I am the Angel of Death.}

{=====| sulan_shipslog.c |=====}
Several battles at sea{Several battles at sea}
Encountered several enemy ships today{Encountered several enemy ships today}
On {On }
around midnight{around midnight}
in the night, quite some time after midnight{in the night, quite some time after midnight}
in the early morning, before dawn,{in the early morning, before dawn,}
in the early morning, with the sun rising,{in the early morning, with the sun rising,}
in the morning{in the morning}
around noon{around noon}
in the early afternoon{in the early afternoon}
in the afternoon{in the afternoon}
in the evening{in the evening}
in the evening, the sun was not yet set,{in the evening, the sun was not yet set,}
in the late evening after sunset{in the late evening after sunset}
in the night{in the night}

{=====| shipslog.c |=====}
Unreadable page{Unreadable page}
This page of the ship's log is drenched in rum. It's no longer readable. [ the code has an error :) ]{This page of the ship's log is drenched in rum. It's no longer readable. [ the code has an error :) ]}

{=====| 27 log entrys |=====}