TEXT	{
So ye be wanting to learn about pirating?  This here book will tell ye all ye need to know about the fine art of plundering.

Ye probably became a pirate either by clobbering ships ye weren't supposed to. A fat merchant is a nice target but the only types who'll be attacking it are enemy navies,
enemy privateers and pirates. If ye don't have a commission in someone's navy nor a Letter of Marque from a governor then ye be a pirate - arr!

Or ye might have chosen to be a pirate right at the start of yer career.

All nations be yer enemies - ye might be hating one more than another and prefer to attack one nation's ships, or leave yer favoured nation alone, but that won't stop all
the so-called civilised nations from attacking ye on sight. So ye'll be wanting to make good use of false flags. A false flag can make a ship think ye're her friend right
up till ye drop it, raise yer pirate flag and give her a broadside. Some true villains don't bother with the pirate flag, but only the worst scum fire while still pretending
to be the victim's friend, so use yer pirate flag, that's what it's for. Also, if ye be wanting to sail into port, ye'll want a friendly flag so the fort don't blast ye to
driftwood and the shopkeepers don't tell ye to get lost. Though if ye be famous, ye may be recognised for the pirate ye be anyway.

Where ye can be sure of a welcome is them ports as is run by other pirates. And if ye join our Brotherhood, ye can sell yer booty for more than ye'll get anywhere else. Ye
can also rise through the ranks just as if ye were in one of them navies and make a real name for yerself.

Course, ye may decide to stop being a pirate. Just go crawling on yer knees to some rich governor, pay him some of yer hard-earned loot, and he'll pardon ye. Ye can even then
pay him even more and get yerself a Letter of Marque, which means instead of attacking whatever ship ye want, ye can only attack whatever ships he wants. Cause if ye hit the
wrong ship, ye'll be on yer way back to being a pirate again. Arr!

}