title=Arrival in the Caribbean
text.t1=I was born in a poor family of Lisbon. Very young, I enlisted as a sailor on a merchant ship trading between Lisbon and Madeira. After fifteen years of this fruitless life, I decided to leave my country and go to the Caribbean. Many rumours have made it here about its riches. I'm determined to succeed and earn enough money to come back to my country and retire. That's why I'm in #sPort au Prince# after an hard voyage. This French new city is near the prosperous Spanish cities and the possibility of making a fortune. My first step will be to find a job because I'm almost out of money. I should go into the town and ask for some work. 
text.t2=I didn't have to wait long to find the wanted information. I met Pierre Delacroix, a French farmer, he knows a merchant living in the Buccaneer camp that could use my services. I can't waste this chance. The way to reach the camp is easy, I just hope I don't meet any bandits on the way. 
text.t3=I'm lucky! Due to unforeseen circumstances, the merchant was looking for a new Captain. He immediately hired me. My first mission is to deliver a cargo of sandal to Luc Merin, a smuggler at #sFalaise de Fleur#. In exchange, he has to give me a cargo of silk. He lives in a house near the port gates. But before leaving the camp, I have to find my new officer at the tavern - Emilio Soares.
text.t4=Well, I don't have time to breathe! My Boss has another mission for me. I have to deliver a cargo of linen to Elias Bartels at the Pirate Fort, a hidden camp in the #sisland_Douwesen#'s Jungle.
text.t5=Interesting! my Boss is willing to sell his barque for a good price. I should not lose this chance if I want to improve my situation. So, by the time I get back to the camp, I need to have 35 000 gold coins by any means. First, I must not forget that I have the mission to deliver cargo to the shopkeeper of #sMarigot#.
text.t6=That's done! I bought the barque and engaged Emilio, what luck!! I'm going to celebrate and prepare my future projects drinking rum in the tavern of this camp!
text.t7=Dash it! I didn't respect the time limit of two months. Eugene will have my hide, I should keep well clear of him!
text.t8=Dash it! I didn't respect the time limit of ten days. I had best not meet Eugene again!
