title=A strange statuette
text.t1=An Indian idol with magical powers? What a cock and bull story is this! But, Roxanne confirmed that the Spaniards are looking for it. I want to find out the truth so we decided to start the search at #sIsla Muelle#.
text.t2=The Spaniards really are looking for the statuette. But they are not alone, the French pirate François l'Ollonais is also in search of the idol. We've had to agree to be his partners. He had a plan to question the commander of the garrison. My job is to get him to speak. I sure hope it works - there are a lot of soldiers in the garrison.
text.t3=I've got the precious information but a guard came and saw me in the commander's residence. I killed him but more soldiers will be on their way. I can't leave the house by the door, I would be an easy mark. The only option is out the window and to reach the wall behind the church with best speed.
text.t4=I escaped from the guards! François and Roxanne were waiting for me. I told them where the idol was. Now, we need to go to #sWillemstad# and find a way to reach it before the Spaniards.
text.t5=Excellent! Now, we know how to reach the unexplored area thanks to the Director of the Dutch West India Company. We have to moor our ships at Bocht Van Hato.
text.t6=Good news! The Spaniards can't stop us now. The shore continues behind the rocks. There must be a passage through them.
text.t7=Dash it! François l'Ollonais knew who I was. He waited for me with his crew members and forced me hand over the idol. He escaped, but I still have a chance of catching him if I hurry.
text.t8=François was dead on the beach... I didn't wait to find out who killed him. For the love of Neptune, this GIANT appeared from behind the battleship and attacked me. I barely managed to kill him and got the idol back. Time to head back to Bocht Van Hato.
text.t9=The trouble didn't end at Bocht Van Hato. The boss of the DWIC was there with some soldiers. He had found out that I was a pirate, and wanted to arrest me and take the statuette of course. I refused and started to fight. However, de Jongh succeeded in boarding his ship moored in the bay. If I want to survive, I have to sink his ship.
text.t10=That's done! I defeated Gherarde de Jongh. Roxanne suggested going to #sFalaise de Fleur#. This is a good idea, we can decide what to do about the idol when we are safely there.
text.t11=Roxanne was surprised when I threw the statuette into the sea. But she understood my reasons. It would be best for all in the Carribean. Roxanne has decided to work for the French governor and offered to maintain our partnership. I don't know what I should do. Working again with her or searching for new adventures somewhere else, like Tortuga.
