title=The Cartagena's firework
text.t1=What a story! Gauthier Thomassin, one of my crewmembers, mutinied and persuaded almost all my men to maroon me in an islet. I was about of being gasping on the islet and afterwards killed by smugglers. Fortunately, I won the fight against them and captured their ship. After loading enough water on the ship from the Turks island, I can go to #sRedmond# to ask help to the Governor. 
text.t2=Thomassin is crazy! I’d rather say he was crazy. He died like the rest of the crew off #sisland_Redmond#. He tried to steal the throne. However, an English warship sent to protect the throne sank my beloved ship. At least, Emilio succeeded in escaping from the ship and informed the Governor about what Thomassin was preparing. My situation is not honestly good. I lost my ship and crew these last days and I need to earn money quickly. The governor of #sisland_Conceicao# is real friend and would know to help me. Let’s go there!
text.t3=I was right! My Governor gave me a new mission. The goal is to attack Cartagena through a quick operation and demoralize the Spanish at the same time. However, it would be better doing that with the help of the Dutch. So, I must go to #sisland_Douwesen# and ask help to the Governor.
text.t4=Arrived at #sDouwesen#, I met Captain Elting. He was happy to see me again. I talked to the Dutch Governor and like Elting, he accepted to help. Now, I can return to #sisland_Conceicao# and inform my Governor.
text.t5=Fine! The mission can really start. In Cartagena, I’ll use the identity of the Spanish King’s Envoy and gather some information to be sure the operation is possible. The other good news is Captain Queiroz will also help me there. Let’s weigh anchor!
text.t6=Until now everything goes well, nobody discovered my deception. I visited the fort and already got some very important information for a future attack. This afternoon, I hope my visit with Governor Montavez will continue to be so instrutive.
text.t7=Yesterday afternoon was pretty bad for me with the departure of the Governor for several days. It will be harder to get information on the defenses of the city until his return and will delay my mission by the same. Seeing I have some time this morning, I will visit the governor's daughter. I did not like the behavior of her boyfriend yesterday. I knew her residence is in the Palace square.
text.t8=After another night spent in the Governor's residence, it is time for me to visit the Admiral of the city. I need to get more information about the tunnel that connects his office to the San Felipe fort. Let's go to the Palace square!
text.t9=No luck! Admiral Delgado has accompanied the Governor in his mission against the Dutch. But, I have another task today. I didn't forget what happened in front of the Lucia Montavez's house. I'm sure Sebastian Ortega, the lover of the Governor's daughter, paid the men I fought yesterday. His residence is in the center of the town.
text.t10=Nearly a week has passed and finally Governor Montavez is back. I can continue my mission. Let's see what he has to tell me...
text.t11=My relationship with Governor Montavez deteriorated after knowing I fought Sebastian Ortega and I love his daughter. At least, I am happy his mission against the Dutch failed. Let's visit the Admiral's office!
text.t12=Not good! I need to find the key of the tunnel over the next days. Now, it's time to return to the port and my ship. I am eager to know if Elting is back.
text.t13=What a mistake! Because of a personal matter, I put the entire mission in jeopardy. I shouldn't have asked Elting to go to the cloister meet the Governor's daughter. Now, I must find him quickly. Maybe the guard of the Palace square I spoke after the fight against the brigands will give me some information about a possible arrest of Elting.
text.t14=I must immediately go to the Governor's residence whether it is Elting who was arrested as I suppose.
text.t15=I am in the blacksmith near the Church where Elting is imprisoned. It is time to release him.
text.t16=I succeeded in releasing Elting. Now, I need to go near the Blacksmith and avoid any contact with the guards patrolling the town centre.
text.t17=Let's go! Time to use my poisoned knives. I must not forget to throw the knives at distance otherwise I could be detected by the guards.
text.t18=This is a dangerous situation if the Governor has any doubt about my participation in the release of Elting. Let's be as much quiet as possible. 
text.t19=Now the operation really starts. I and my crew members must climb the ship by the rear to not be surrounded by the soldiers when aboard.
text.t20=What a coward this Ortega! He run away and now he's going to the yardarm. Let's follow him.
text.t21=First part is done! The warship is mine and Ortega is no more a threat. Even at the end, he tried to deceive me when he said he would give me his sword. However, everything is not fine. Nobody until now found the key to open the tunnel. I think it could be in the Lucia's house but I should also try to visit the other house of the Palace square.
text.t22= A clever system the Spanish created to open the tunnel! Now, inside it, I must find the exit and be careful about the guards I suspect to be here.
text.t23= Finally, I'm inside the fort. However, I must open a gate to continue my way. I noted there were some chests in this location. I should check them. Maybe I could find something to open the gate.
text.t24=What a luck! There was a guard in this location and we killed him before he informs his companions of our presence. I'm sure the exit is near like the final fight by the way.
text.t25=Again, I must use my poisoned knives. As always, discretion is the most important.
text.t26=The combat was harsh until now. I even was a bit injured by an explosion. However, I'm happy to see Elting and the Dutch are making their way. More dangers are coming I know. So, let's be careful.
text.t27=What happened in the mind of my crew member? Now, I must rescue him. Fortunately, Captain Queiroz is helping me.
text.t28=We did it! The fort was captured and we destroyed its main powder warehouse. This battle will be remembered as one of the biggest operations occurred in the Caribbean. Unfortunately, my meeting with Lucia didn't go well when she knew my real identity. I understand that... I hope it was not our last meeting. However, time has come to return to #sisland_Conceicao# with Captain Queiroz while Elting and Captain Dierman are heading for #sisland_Douwesen#.
text.t29=The governor of #sisland_Conceicao# was obviously happy to see me and above all to know the operation was a success. He gave me some land as reward. But not only him was generous, Captain Queiroz gave me a fantastic long rifle with scope. I've never seen a such weapon before. No doubt, this rifle will help me in the future! The shipyard has refitted my 'New Santiago' making it more suitable as a raider. I'm excited to leave #sConceicao# and test my new ship against my enemies! 
