title=Search for my 'Santiago'
text.t1=I just landed at #sPointe a Pitre# and, to my good luck, I met Roxanne. We were talking about making a new expedition together when I recognized a sailor that had been at Boca de Hubon when the 'Santiago' was stolen. He went to the store. He may help to get my 'Santiago' back.
text.t2=I explained to Roxanne the story of how I lost the best ship I ever owned. And we found a trail that might lead us to my ship again. The sailor I saw might be a crewmember of the 'Santiago'. He told Roxanne that the navigator may be able to help us. He is in the brothel. 
text.t3=The brothel was closed due to an incident. The woman involved in the incident lives in a house near the harbour. Perhaps she can help me find the navigator.
text.t4=The woman -Cecile- had been roughed up by a new guest, who was then arrested and taken to prison. It might be the man we seek, so I should visit the prison to speak to him. I also promised the woman I'd tell the governor about what happened.
text.t5=I had to pay to get into the prison, not to mention waste a full day waiting for the man to become sober again, but finally I found out that his name is Txiki Pijuan and that he indeed is the navigator for Pedro Rivera, the man who stole the 'Santiago' from me. I need to release Txiki now though. Perhaps the prison guard will be willing to assist me again if properly motivated.
text.t6=Darn. The prison guard won't help me. Apparently I need to talk to the governor instead. I need to see the governor anyway to tell him of what happened to Cecile.
text.t7=I wanted to inform the governor of what transpired in the brothel, but he already knew. To liberate Txiki, the governor wanted me to pay a whopping 10000 gold coins though. Life on #sisland_Guadeloupe# is costly. Now I need to get back to the prison to release Pijuan and give him his instructions.
text.t8=I sent Txiki back to his ship to inform the crew that the innkeeper will be serving free rum tonight. Hopefully that will decrease the number of opponents we have to fight. I'm not sure I can trust Pijuan though. He might spill it all to that pig - Pedro. He has a couple of options: leave the island straight away or possibly he'll try to kill us. There's only one way to find out though. First, to the tavern to arrange the free rum and check that the crewmembers actually do take the bait.
text.t9=I was afraid of being disappointed by Pijuan, but so far he has delivered on his promise. The first crewmembers did arrive at the inn. Now I need to go to the fort entrance to meet Txiki again.
text.t10=So far so good. Apparently there are only a handful of men left aboard the ship, time to make our move is now. Anse Casse-Bois is nearby! I still don't know if I can trust Txiki yet though. He doesn't seem to be fully on my side. I need to clarify the situation with him after the boarding.
text.t11=After swimming up to the ship, a crewmember saw us and sounded the alarm. After we killed them, Pedro Rivera appeared on deck. It ended up in a one-on-one fight between us. Thankfully I won, giving new meaning to the saying 'The only thing better than a Portuguese sword is a Portuguese swordsMAN'. Finally, I took back command of my ship. Pijuan will be able to prove his loyalty as deck fighter. I talked to him about his rumdrinking and lack of courage and I think I have things sorted out with him now. I have decided to delay the next expedition with Roxanne, I prefer to be on my own for a while.
text.t12=After swimming up to the ship, a crewmember saw us and sounded the alarm. After we killed them, Pedro Rivera appeared on deck. It ended up in a one-on-one fight between us. Thankfully I won, giving new meaning to the saying 'The only thing better than a Portuguese sword is a Portuguese swordsMAN'. Finally, I took back command of my ship. Pijuan will be able to prove his loyalty as deck fighter. I talked to him about his rumdrinking and lack of courage and I think I have things sorted out with him now. Roxanne and I can now move on to better things.
